.TH apt-repos 1 2018\-03\-26
.SH SYNOPSIS
 \fBapt\-repos\fR [-h] [-b BASEDIR] {list,ls,sources,src,source,suites,show,dsc} ...


.SH DESCRIPTION
Display information about binary PACKAGE(s) in diverse apt\-repositories and suites.
.br
   This tool uses apt\-mechanisms to scan for repositories/suites that are registered in
.br
   a suites\-file. For each repository/suite combination a local caching folder
.br
   is created in which downloaded Packages files are stored, similar to the cache
.br
   known from apt\-cache which lives in /var/lib/apt/lists.
.SH OPTIONS
  {list,ls,sources,src,source,suites,show,dsc}
                        choose one of these subcommands
    list (ls)           query and list binary packages and their properties
    sources (src, source)
                        query and list source packages and their properties
    suites              list configured suites
    show                show details about packages similar to apt-cache show
    dsc                 list urls of dsc-files for particular source-packages.

  -h, --help            Show a (subcommand specific) help message
  -b BASEDIR, --basedir BASEDIR
                        Set a new/custom basedir for config-data and caching.
                        Please provide the basedir as an absolute path. The
                        default is $HOME/.apt-repos. The basedir must at least
                        contain a file named 'suites'. The cache will be
                        created into a subfolder called '<basedir>/.apt-
                        repos_cache'.
.SH AUTHORS
 apt-repos is written and maintained by Christoph Lutz <chrlutz@gmail.com>
 with contributions from the Landeshauptstadt München.
 Other contributors are welcome.
.SH DISTRIBUTION
 provided as debian-Packages created from the sources on github:
 https://github.com/chrlutz/apt-repos