.TH apt-repos-dsc 1 2018\-03\-02
.SH SYNOPSIS
 \fBapt\-repos dsc\fR [-h] [-d] [-c COMPONENT] [-nu] [-1] [-s SUITE]
              source [source ...]


.SH DESCRIPTION
subcommand dsc: list urls of dsc\-files available for source\-packages.
.SH OPTIONS
  source                Name of a source package

  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -d, --debug           Switch on debugging message printed to stderr.
  -c COMPONENT, --component COMPONENT
                        Only show info for COMPONENT(s). The list of
                        COMPONENTs is specified comma-separated. Note:
                        component and section fields are not exactly the same.
                        A component is only the first part of a section
                        (everything before the '/'). There is also a special
                        treatment for sections in the component 'main', in
                        which case 'main/' is typically not named in a
                        section-field. For this switch -c we have to specify
                        'main' to see packages from the component 'main'.
  -nu, --no-update      Skip downloading of packages list.
  -1, --first           Query only for the first matching dsc file for a
                        source package, then skip the others sources for this
                        package.
  -s SUITE, --suite SUITE
                        Only show info for these SUITE(s). The list of SUITEs
                        is specified comma-separated. The list of suites is
                        scanned in the specified order. If the list contains a
                        tag or a selector that matches multiple suites (e.g.
                        default:), these suites are scanned in reverse order
                        as specified in the corresponding *.suites-file. This
                        specific ordering is in particular interesting
                        together with --first. The default value is
                        'default:'.
.SH AUTHORS
 apt-repos is written and maintained by Christoph Lutz <chrlutz@gmail.com>
 with contributions from the Landeshauptstadt München.
 Other contributors are welcome.
.SH DISTRIBUTION
 provided as debian-Packages created from the sources on github:
 https://github.com/chrlutz/apt-repos