.TH apt-repos-ls 1 2017\-03\-14
.SH SYNOPSIS
 \fBapt\-repos ls\fR [-h] [-d] [-s SUITE] [-a ARCHITECTURE] [-c COMPONENT] [-r] [-nu]
             [-nh] [-col COLUMNS] [-f {table,list}] [-di DIFF] [-dt DIFF_TOOL]
             package [package ...]


.SH DESCRIPTION
subcommand ls: search and print a list of packages
.SH OPTIONS
  package               Name of a binary PACKAGE or source-package name
                        prefixed as src:SOURCENAME

  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -d, --debug           Switch on debugging message printed to stderr.
  -s SUITE, --suite SUITE
                        Only show info for these SUITE(s). The list of SUITEs
                        is specified comma-separated. The default value is
                        'default:'.
  -a ARCHITECTURE, --architecture ARCHITECTURE
                        Only show info for ARCH(s). The list of ARCHs is
                        specified comma-separated.
  -c COMPONENT, --component COMPONENT
                        Only show info for COMPONENT(s). The list of
                        COMPONENTs is specified comma-separated. Note:
                        component and section fields are not exactly the same.
                        A component is only the first part of a section
                        (everything before the '/'). There is also a special
                        treatment for sections in the component 'main', in
                        which case 'main/' is typically not named in a
                        section-field. For this switch -c we have to specify
                        'main' to see packages from the component 'main'.
  -r, --regex           Treat PACKAGE as a regex. Searches for binary package-
                        names or binary packages that were built from a source
                        prefixed with 'src:'. Examples: Use regex '.' to show
                        all packages. Use regex '^pkg' to show all packages
                        starting with 'pkg'. Use regex '^src:source' to show
                        packages that were built from a source starting with
                        'source'.
  -nu, --no-update      Skip downloading of packages list.
  -nh, --no-header      Don't print the column header.
  -col COLUMNS, --columns COLUMNS
                        Specify the columns that should be printed. Default is
                        'pvsaSC'. Possible characters are: (p)=Package,
                        (v)=Version, (s)=Suite, (a)=Arch, (S)=Section,
                        (P)=Priority, (C)=Source, (L)=Long-Desc, (R)=Full-
                        Record
  -f {table,list}, --format {table,list}
                        Specifies the output-format of the package list.
                        Default is 'table'. Possible values: 'table' to pretty
                        print a nice table; 'list' to print a space separated
                        list of columns that can easily be processed with bash
                        tools.
  -di DIFF, --diff DIFF
                        Similar to -s switch, but expects in DIFF exactly two
                        comma separated parts ("suiteA,suiteB"), calculates
                        the output for suiteA and suiteB separately and diff's
                        this output with the diff tool specified in --diff-
                        tool.
  -dt DIFF_TOOL, --diff-tool DIFF_TOOL
                        Diff-Tool used to compare the separated results from
                        --diff. Default is 'diff,--side-by-side,--suppress-
                        common-lines,--width=<ttyWidth>'. Use , (instead of
                        spaces) to provide arguments for the difftool.
.SH AUTHORS
 apt-repos is written and maintained by Christoph Lutz <chrlutz@gmail.com>
 with contributions from the Landeshauptstadt München.
 Other contributors are welcome.
.SH DISTRIBUTION
 provided as debian-Packages created from the sources on github:
 https://github.com/chrlutz/apt-repos